1. how to trigger the event
    The event is triggered by a mouse click anywhere on the screen.
2. what should happen when the event is triggered
    When the event is triggered, a fireball entity is created next to charmander that follows an
    AStar path to the location of the mouse click. Any snow background tile that the fireball
    touches "melts" and turns into a grass background.
3. what the affected entities should do
    When a fireball gets too close to a PiplupCalm entity, they become a PiplupPanic and start running
    around frantically(their actionPeriod is reduced). They also turn red. PiplupCalms will Single Step Pathing to
    a grass background to change it back to snow, and they will walk around to random spots if there is no grass.
4. what the new entity is and how it should behave
    Whenever a fireball melts snow or moves over grass, there is a chance that a Caterpie entity will
    spawn from the grass after being freed from under the snow. This new Caterpie uses Depth First Search
    to find its way to the Ho-oh statue where it disappears.
5. (if applicable) the names of each partner and what each partner was responsible for
    John Shutler - Factory Design, AStar, Resizing worldview and images, Ho-oh, Original code base
    Shayna Chambless - Depth First Search, Single Step, Charmander, Piplup, Caterpie



    Game Mechanics (Video):
        •Charmander moveable with cursor keys
        •Charmander Shoots Fire  -> create fireball entity next to charmander when mouse is clicked,
        takes AStar path to mouse click point
            •melt the snow -> calls melt function whenever it is over snow, changes background image
            •spawn Caterpie -> when the fireball goes over a position, there is a 1 in 15 chance
            that a Caterpie Entity will be created. If it is, the Caterpie makes its way to the
            Ho-oh entity with Depth first search, and animates then disappears from the world
            •panic piplup -> if a piplupCalm entity is near a fireball when it is moving, it will become a
            red piplupPanic entity with an increased action period that takes a single step pathing
            strategy to a random point until it is calm again.
                •panic piplup makes snow -> if a panic piplup crosses a grass background, it will turn it back
                into snow.
        •Calm Piplups are spawned at the beginning of each game. They are neutral entities that wander around
        to random points in the world until spooked by a fireball.
        •The Ho-oh statue is created at the beginning of the game, and it is where the Caterpies must make their
        way when they are freed.

        we didnt use any other design?



